so skyliners is all about bringing your
toys to life and these toys are unique
they have brains so every time you play
with your Skylanders that remember what
they did they store their experience
they so the coins all the powers that
you unlock you can take them over to
your friend's house and play and drop
and drop out go up with them it's a sort
of an experience that we really designed
for our six to 12 year old and it's also
really popular with the adults I play
with my daughter on a regular basis it's
a really nice kind of father-daughter
father-son type of activity as well
skylanders swap force we take you to an
all new place in the skylines called the
claw break islands cloudbreak islands
are home to a magical volcano that
erupts every hundred years to spread the
magic sword skyline and about a hundred
years ago there was a group of
Skylanders that was charged with
defending the volcano there were
continents eruption of blasted apart
they acquired new powers and became the
swap force so they have the ability to
swap their paths top-half determines how
they fight bottom half determines how
they move and so swap forests are 16 new
Skylanders that players can mix and
match their capabilities so with 16 tops
and 16 bottoms they can create over 250
new Skylanders at its heart we really
try to keep two things in mind when
we're making skyliners one is how do we
deliver value for the collection and so
for the toys how do we make a fantastic
toy playing experience and also how do
we bring innovation to make it fresh or
make it brand new so with skylanders
swap force with the small force
characters there's sort of the
possibility the toys are really
limitless in this swap force characters
come in eight different types of
movements at the bottom half carries a
movement type with it some of them have
rocket legs some of them have balancing
capabilities of them have digging
capabilities some of them have
teleportation capabilities in these
areas you experience all new gameplay
you've never seen in the skylines before
so one of our cool characters that are
coming into starter pack his name is
wash buckler and he's a pirate octopus
so using his suction cups and sticky
legs he can now access unique climbing
zones that provide a new type of
gameplay is a way for us to really
provide a very diverse play experience
to players in addition to that your
entire collection can out-jump metal
'this is up to sort of a layered
platforming
action that's available in our game as
well now we had to be careful with that
because this game may be a child first
video game and so platforming is eased
in in Skylanders swap courts in the main
areas but in the optional areas you get
loads of new challenges and other things
like that as well so skylanders swap
force is available on all major consoles
xbox 360 playstation 3 wii u also the
week and the 3ds the 3ds is a separate
unique adventure also be available on
next-generation consoles xbox one and
ps4 when those systems launch as well
and the clippings about the toys is they
can go forward and across to any console
so if I have a game that I bought on the
weed before now all my toys and all
their experiences now come forward to my
ps3 today or 360 or wii u for example
and so the collection that you build
actually grows in value over time with
all the new experiences that we
continuously provide the players
you